Ah, the manager said that someone wants door-to-door service today.
It's you!
This is a part-time cleaning right after dinner
How poor are you?
This is the abandonment by the group insurance.
You deserve it, you clean up the paper
Dad, I have something to deal with.
Are you here to work or to chat?
You give it back to me
Which wild man is this calling?
It's your dad
This dragon begets a dragon and a phoenix begets a phoenix
Rats make holes.
Ye Qiuyuan, your family are all poor ghosts, right?
Haha.
Let me guess his dad is a sanitation worker
Or moving bricks at the construction site?
You are going too far.
Did you hear it all?
Your daughter doesn't work hard
I want to deduct her salary.
Clean the table
Do you know what stupid thing you did?
The woman who dares to bully me Ye Zhenghai
Are you tired of living?
position cancellation
Depart for a dinner at Dubai Oilmen
Go to Tangchen Yipin